[ELSA'S FATHER]
Now die, Valbanill!
[LISA yells]
Lisa!
[LISA]
No!
[LUKE]
Lisa, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
[ELSA'S FATHER]
What's wrong with you?
What the hell do you
think you're doing, Elsa?
[gasps]
[gasps] The enemy is
right in front of us!
You mustn't betray me!
[ELSA'S FATHER]
Damn you!
What the matter with him, Luke?
If I had to guess, I'd say
he'd signed a Demon Contract.
[ELSA'S FATHER pants, groans]
So weak.
[gasps]
[LUKE gasps]
[CECILY] You were attacked
by a man with a Demon Sword?
[LUKE] Yeah. It had the
power to control lightning.
[CECILY]
Scary. Are you okay, Lisa?
Yeah.
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
Now, wanna tell me why
you were attacked?
Guess he was just
lookin' for a fight.
I'm asking why he picked you!
'Cause no one'd wanna hurt Lisa!
[whimpers]
[CECILY] Do you have any
idea who this guy was?
[LUKE] Not a clue.
It figures he'd attack my place.
It's where all the
idiot knights hang out.
[CECILY]
What did you say?
[CECILY, LISA gasp]
Store rule: you break it,
you buy it.
[CECILY grunts]
Ahem!
Let's focus on the matter
at hand, shall we?
We need to figure out
who our enemy is.
[ARIA]
I think I have an idea.
[CECILY, LUKE, LISA]
Hm?
I got a strange feeling
from someone yesterday.
I passed a girl with
beautiful black hair.
She seemed very soft-spoken.
Wait a minute.
You don't mean Elsa?
She's just a customer I
brought over here for Luke.
No, that girl is a Demon Sword.
[gasps]
[CECILY]
You can't be serious!
I'm sure of it. I knew
as soon as I saw her.
[LUKE]
Huh?
No. That can't be.
[ELSA'S FATHER] What the hell
do you think you're doing, Elsa?
So she's... just like you?
Another sword capable
of taking human form?
I had no idea there
were more of us.
I don't understand,
even if she is a Demon Sword,
what reason would she
have to attack Luke?
Prob'ly because... I'm the
so-called "Sacred Blacksmith".
[LANCELOT]
I'm shocked to learn the Empire
tried to take the
blacksmith by force.
That's a new low, even for you.
What was that?
Until the fugitives are caught,
we cannot be certain they
are citizens of the Empire.
[AREVIY] Either way,
we must remain on alert.
If he's been attacked once,
there's a strong possibility
it'll happen again.
[LANCELOT chuckles]
Everyone's after the blacksmith,
he's forging the Sacred Sword.
It would certainly
appear that's the case.
This could be a problem.
If he's distracted, he may
not be able to forge it
and we'll lose our trump
card against Valbanill.
And if that were to happen,
it would bring about the end
of the world as we know it.
[JUSTINA] Over the past year,
the Sacred Sword,
which is currently sealing
Valbanill has reached its limit.
[HOUSMAN] And just as
Housman the First predicted,
the concentration of mana
has been on the rise lately.
Mana? What the hell is that?
There's no need to speak
in riddles, Housman,
just lay it all out
on the table.
He's right.
We've avoided the
subject long enough.
Tell them about
Valbanill's curse.
[CECILY] "Curse"?
What's that supposed to mean?
As you know, we use
Prayer Contracts every day
to improve our lives, and those
contracts create energy.
We call that energy mana,
but it's basically just a curse.
No way! We've always been taught
mana is important in maintaining
our way of life, you're telling
me that's not true?
[LUKE] Housman the First
was a very clever man.
He assimilated the use
of mana into daily life
so no one would suspect
its dark nature.
And no one's ever questioned it.
But, Prayer Contracts
are Demon Contracts
that don't require human flesh.
[CECILY gasps]
What Housman the First
didn't know is it was
all part of Valbanill's plan.
Though he was sealed
by the Sacred Sword,
he could still
exact his revenge.
[LANCELOT] He knew the
human race was weak,
that one day we'd start
fighting amongst ourselves.
[AREVIY] It is said that
Valbanill was the one who
carved the Death Songs onto the
hearts of every human being.
[LANCELOT]
That's right.
[ARTHUR] And of course, we began
signing Demon Contracts,
causing the ugliest
war in human history.
But we realized our mistakes.
And though we were on
the brink of extinction,
we somehow recovered.
But if Valbanill were
to escape today,
Demon Contracts would be
the least of our worries.
That monster is determined to
use his power to eliminate
the human race!
The only way to stop him is
with a new Sacred Sword.
When will it be completed?
I have no clue.
[CECILY] But Luke, you're
running out of time, aren't you?
Yeah, but something's missing.
I can't put my finger on.
It's not an easy job
I have before me.
Somehow I need to forge a sword
that'll be able to seal
away Valbanill forever.
That monster killed
Lisa Oakwood.
And he killed my father.
Whether my hatred is
not strong enough,
or my technique is
not good enough,
either way it's disgraceful.
[LISA gasps]
[CECILY] Maybe you're failing
because you're not as angry
with Valbanill as
you'd have us think.
You're more angry
with someone else.
[AREVIY]
We all know a Sacred Sword
is needed to seal
Valbanill away.
However, what if I told
you the blacksmith
wasn't the only person
who could forge one? Hm?
Then what are we waiting for?
[JUSTINA] It's magnificent!
What beautiful craftsmanship!
[SIEGFRIED]
Hmph.
Impressive.
[ARTHUR]
Huh? Siegfried!
Where the hell you
think you're going?
Tsk.
[CHILDREN laughing]
[FRANCESCA]
They have a Sacred Sword?
It's not strong enough
to seal Valbanill,
it wasn't forged
by the blacksmith.
Though, from what I can tell,
it's made of
high-grade tamahagane.
I suppose it could stand up
to a Demon Sword in battle.
I see. So the problem is
Luke Ainsworth, after all.
Just thinking aloud, sir.
Do you mind if I ask about
what we discussed earlier?
Ask away.
[LISA, LUKE grunting]
[CECILY]
This makes me so angry!
[ARIA]
What makes you so angry?
I'm mad at myself!
How could I not have
known any of that stuff?
About the Sacred Sword,
Valbanill's curse?
Luke never told me anything.
And that makes me angry
with Luke for not telling me!
I thought we were
supposed to be friends?
[ARIA]
He's protecting you.
I know, but still!
I just wish he could understand.
He doesn't have to
bear that burden alone
because I'm here for him.
If we're such good friends,
why won't he accept my help?
Does he think I'm not
worthy of his trust?
I've done nothing but stand
by his side offering to help,
but he won't ever let me!
[ARIA]
Hm.
He must just think I'm useless.
Listen to me, Cecily.
There are things in this
world you don't want to know.
Luke's just trying
to protect you
because he doesn't want
to drag you down with him.
But Aria.
[ARIA] Once you know those
things, there's no going back.
You can never forget them.
Next thing you know, you've been
dragged into something terrible.
Trust me, it's better
not knowing.
Because if you
can't deal with it,
you can't stand by
his side anymore.
And I don't think you want that.
[gasps]
Just give it some thought, okay?
[sighs]
[PHARMACIST]
Okay, here are the pain killers
and sleeping pills you ordered.
Careful, taking them
together can be poisonous.
[ELSA] I'll be careful.
Thank you very much ma'am.
[YOUNG GIRL] Hey, Daddy,
what do you wanna have
for dinner tonight?
[FATHER] I dunno.
What do you want, sweetie?
[ARIA] I'll take some pork.
And a chicken too!
Stocking up, huh? You sure
are buying a lot today!
[ARIA] Cecily's been kind
of down, so I figured a nice,
meaty dinner would
cheer her up.
'Ey, I like the way you think!
Tell ya what,
how 'bout half price?
Wow! Awesome! Thanks so much!
[ARIA]
Her again.
[ARIA] There's no need
to be nervous.
We're both Demon Swords,
I just wanted to get the chance
to talk to you a little bit.
It's not like there are too many
of us out there, you know?
And there some things
I can't really talk about
with just anybody.
Yeah, I guess.
I want to know why we exist.
[ELSA gasps]
[ARIA] I want to know why
swords like us were created.
I mean, if our only
purpose is killing,
then we'd only need
a sword form, right?
But for some reason,
we're different.
[ELSA] We may be swords,
but we're also human.
Not quite.
We're not really swords,
and we're not human.
We're demons.
Forced to wander
with no real direction.
With no family. No home.
[ARIA] Even though I've finally
found a place I belong,
I know I'll have to
leave them one day.
I don't want to be tormented
by these thoughts anymore,
but they consume me.
At this point I need to know.
Where did the Demon
Swords come from?
Why are we here?
I mean, why were we even
created in the first place?
[ELSA] You're sure you
wanna know these things?
[ARIA]
Yes.
Demon Swords are beings created
from an outpouring of hatred.
[ARIA]
Hatred?
[ELSA] We were born the
same way most demons are,
the signing of a Demon Contract.
But the difference is we were
created solely for vengeance.
Our creators signed
Demon Contracts
out of hatred for Valbanill.
And killing him is the
only reason we exist.
No, Elsa, that's impossible.
How could that be?
[ELSA] We were born out of hate
and that hate remains within us,
driving us to kill.
Our creators were
blinded by their pain.
They didn't realize the
damage they'd done.
Haven't you ever wondered
about our incantation?
Awaken... and slay God.
[CECILY]
Yeah, so? How did it turn out?
[LUKE] Well, it's better
than the last one.
But I'm not sure it'll hold up
against a Demon Sword.
What if you did that weird
chanty thing again?
[LUKE]
You mean the Forging Spell?
[CECILY]
Yeah, that.
I can't do it without Lisa.
And she can't be there,
I refuse to put her in danger.
[CECILY]
Gotcha. That makes sense.
[ARIA] If your master wants
to take revenge on Valbanill,
why did he have you
attack my friends?
[ELSA gasps]
Please, you have to tell me!
[ELSA]
He's old and easily confused,
but I have to follow his orders.
At least until I can
finally carry out
my mission to bring him peace.
[ARIA] Elsa, I don't want to
have to fight against you.
[ELSA'S FATHER coughs]
What's the matter, sir?
Are you feeling all right?
Soon I'll be able to
avenge my Elsa's death.
You have to stop pushing
yourself so hard.
What are you saying?
If you keep this up
I'm afraid you'll die,
and I don't want that to happen.
[SIEGFRIED]
That would be problematic.
It would be a shame
to give up now.
[ELSA'S FATHER gasps]
It's you!
Thanks to you, I will have
my revenge on Valbanill!
It's been so long.
My wish is finally
about to come true!
[SIEGFRIED] Wonderful.
I may not be much help,
but I hope you'll allow me
to fight at your side.
[ELSA'S FATHER gasps]
I would be honored.
Protect Lisa for me.
Wait, where are you going?
Elsa!
[ELSA'S FATHER]
Stand aside.
You're not the one
I'm looking for.
[LUKE] Well, I'm not letting
you get past me, old man!
What the hell?
I will be your opponent tonight.
Don't let me down, blacksmith.
It's the Man in Black!
[ELSA'S FATHER]
I'll leave him to you!
[LUKE]
Cecily! Stop them!
Lisa, get in the house!
It's not safe for
you to be out here!
--But--!
--Get inside now!
[LISA gasps]
[CECILY, ARIA gasp]
[ELSA'S FATHER]
Why must you interfere?
[CECILY]
Hunting down a little girl?
How dare you call
yourself a knight?
[ELSA'S FATHER] I've waited
44 long years for this day,
I won't let you stop me!
I will avenge my Elsa's death!
I don't understand.
[ELSA'S FATHER]
Don't play dumb!
He took my beloved
daughter from me.
And for that I'll make him pay!
Yeah, but sir.
She's standing
right next to you!
Elsa!
What the hell is going on?
[ELSA]
I call on the powers that be.
Reveal the truth within.
Awaken the power of lightning.
Elsa, no!
[ELSA]
Awaken and slay God.
It's about that time, Aria!
I'm sorry, Elsa. Truly.
[LUKE, SIEGFRIED grunting]
[SIEGFRIED]
Impressive.
You've improved quite
a bit over the years.
[LUKE] How would you know?
Who the hell are you?
[SIEGFRIED] If you can
defeat me, I'll tell you.
[ELSA'S FATHER]
Outta my way!
[shouts]
[LUKE gasps]
[gasps]
You've got a Demon Sword too?
[SIEGFRIED] The Demon Sword of
Darkness rots all in its path.
[LUKE shouts]
[grunts]
[gasps]
No! Luke!
I said get inside, Lisa!
There you are, Valbanill!
[gasps]
[shouts]
[CECILY]
I won't let you hurt her!
[LISA gasps]
[ELSA'S FATHER]
Please, tell me why!
Why are you
protecting Valbanill?
What the hell's wrong with you?
Lisa's a little girl!
She's my friend and
I will protect her!
That's the monster that took my
beloved daughter Elsa from me!
Now, die!
I told you, I won't
let you touch her!
No, damn you!
[LISA, CECILY gasp]
[ELSA'S FATHER] I will not fail.
I will avenge her!
My Elsa!
He's going to die
if he's not careful.
[ELSA'S FATHER shouts]
[ELSA'S FATHER]
Die... Valbanill!
Aria!
[ELSA'S FATHER grunts]
[CECILY shouts]
Why are you doing this, Elsa?
Please stop it.
But I'm so close to
fulfilling my mission.
This is your mission?
Don't you see how
serious this is,
everyone here
could end up dead!
I'm simply following
my master's orders.
[ARIA gasps]
Elsa, wait!
[ELSA'S FATHER groans]
[LISA, CECILY gasp]
Elsa!
[gasps]
Oh, no! She's been hurt!
[ARIA gasps]
[ELSA'S FATHER grunts]
My beloved daughter.
Where are you, Elsa?
I'm here, I'm right
in front of you.
[ELSA'S FATHER] Heh. It's time.
Save me from this pain.
Sir.
[ELSA'S FATHER groans]
[gasps]
Elsa...
Goodbye, Father.
[LISA, ARIA, CECILY gasp]
[LISA whimpers]
Poor Elsa.
She's waited patiently
for so long.
They're finally at peace.
[LISA gasps]
[SIEGFRIED] Heh. I thought the
old man would last longer.
I suppose he served his purpose.
[LUKE]
Damn you!
[CECILY]
Why did this happen?
The two of them
didn't have to die!
nfortunately, death is the
fate of all Demon Swords.
Just ask the
Demon Sword of Wind.
What're you saying?
[SIEGFRIED] They were
created to take vengeance
against the god, Valbanill.
They live for the sole
purpose of taking his life.
[CECILY]
Valbanill?
You'd best prepare
yourself, young lady.
The day will come when yours
will want to kill
the girl as well.
That would never happen!
[SIEGFRIED] You mean no one's
told you about your friend?
This being you call "Lisa"
has the blood of Valbanill
running through her veins.
[gasps]
[CECILY gasps]
No, that's impossible!
[SIEGFRIED]
You see, Lisa is a demon.
Three years ago, when Luke faced
Valbanill's wrath he signed
a Demon Contract, killing his
friend to save his own life.
That's how this Lisa was born.
Shut up!
[chuckles]
I'll kill you!
[LISA, ARIA, CECILY gasp]
[SIEGFRIED laughs]
[LUKE grunts]
[CECILY gasps] Luke. What he
said isn't true, is it?
He was lying. Please tell
me he was lying.
[LUKE] No, he's telling
the truth. Sorry.
I didn't have the
heart to tell you.
[CECILY gasps]